First pass on proxy peering docs (#15790)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/networking.mdx

| Port | Service | Description |
| - | - | - |
| 443 | Proxy | In TLS Routing mode, the Proxy handles all protocols, including Web UI, HTTPS, Kubernetes, SSH, and all databases on a single port. |

> | 3021 | Proxy | Proxy peering port used by proxies to dial nodes on neighboring proxies. |

Author: By `nodes` I really meant `agents` which would encompass teleport resources `ssh,kube,db,windows,app`.

Leaving this unresolved until we settle on a replacement name for `agents` brought up in another comment.

> | 3021 | Proxy | Port used by Teleport Proxy Service Instance to dial agents in Proxy Peering mode. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3021 | Proxy | Port used by Teleport Proxy Service instances to dial agents in Proxy Peering mode. |
```

> | 3021 | Proxy |  Proxy Peering port used by Teleport Proxy Service Instance to dial agents connected to neighboring proxies. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3021 | Proxy |  Port used by Teleport Proxy Service instances to dial agents in Proxy Peering mode. |
```
Suggested to simplify this a bit

| Port | Service | Description |
| - | - | - |

> | 3021 | Proxy | Port used by Teleport Proxy Service Instance to dial agents in Proxy Peering mode. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3021 | Proxy | Port used by Teleport Proxy Service instances to dial agents in Proxy Peering mode. |
```

> | 3021 | Proxy | Proxy Peering port used by Teleport Proxy Service Instance to dial agents connected to neighboring proxies. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3021 | Proxy |  Port used by Teleport Proxy Service instances to dial agents in Proxy Peering mode. |
```
Suggested to simplify this a bit
